Add Asset Library Submission Guidelines (#3240)
godotengine/godot-docs: tutorials/assetlib/uploading_to_assetlib.rst

  sentences in the description.

* The icon link must be a direct link. For icons hosted on GitHub, the
  link must start with "raw.githubusercontent.com", not "github.com".

Recommendations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

These things are not required for your asset to be approved, but
if you follow these recommendations, you can help make the asset
library a better place for all users.

* Fix or suppress all script warnings. The warning system is there to
  help identify issues with your code, but people using your asset
  don't need to see them.

* Make your code conform to the official style guides. Having a
  consistent style helps other people read your code, and it also helps
  if other people wish to contribute to your asset. See: the
  :ref:`doc_gdscript_styleguide` or the :ref:`doc_c_sharp_styleguide`.

* If your asset is a library for working with other files,
  consider including example files in the asset.

* The icon should be a square, its aspect ratio should be 1:1. It should
  also ideally have a minimum resolution of 64x64 pixels.

* While the asset library allows more than just GitHub, consider
  hosting your asset's source code on GitHub. Other services may not

>   work as well, and a lack of familiarity can be a barrier to contributors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  work reliably, and a lack of familiarity can be a barrier to contributors.
```

I'm not sure whether "as well" is used as "too" or "as good" here.
